---
permalink: /
title: "Crystal Jones-Howe - Graduate Student"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Under Construction

Crystal Jones-Howe is an dedicated professional with a passion for education and technology.  Her academic journey reflects her commitment to lifelong learning. 
Currently, Crystal is pursing her doctorate at the University at Albany, State University of New York. Part of the College of Emergency Preparedness, Homeland Security and Cybersecurity (CEHC). the PhD program is a collaborative program incorporating the College of Nanotechnology, Science and Engineering (CNSE), the School of Business, the College of Arts and Science, the Rockefeller College of Public Affairs and Policy, and the School of Education.
Currently in her 2nd year, Crystal’s focus in her doctoral program is a self-designed study in Technology and Learning, with a secondary focus on Information in Organizational Environments. Her research hopes to understand the impact of technology on under-represented communities, with a particular focus on cybersecurity in higher education settings. 
Crystal also hold a Master in Education in as an Educational Technology Specialist from the College of Saint Rose in Albany where her focus was on leveraging technology to create effective learning experiences.  In conjunction with her Bachelor of Technology in Network Administration from SUNY Cobleskill where her technical acumen an problem solving skills ser her apart. Crystal also received her Associate of Science at Dutchess Community College, where her love of and strong educational foundation began. 
Professionally, Crystal has also dedicated her life to technology in education.  Alongside holding adjunct positions at several higher education institutions, she is currently holds the position of Senior IT Support Administrator at Dutchess Community College (DCC), located in the beautiful Hudson Valley.  Previously, She has held the position of Technology Coordinator at with Mechanicville City School District in Saratoga County,where she focused on technology intergration in the classroom and was involved in a capital project focusing on updating the school technology infrastructure in conjunction with the introduction of a new school wing.  She held the position of School Technologist at Shenedehowa Central School District, where she was a technology lead and Google Apps for Education Administrator, for the introduction of the school’s 1:1 program which supplied middle school students with chrome devices.  Before that she held the title of Program Coordinator with the Northeast Regional Information Center (NERIC) which provided technology support and training to school districts located in the Northeast Region of New York.  Crystal started her career in education with the Washington, Saratoga, Warren, Hamilton, Essex (WSWHE) Board of Cooperative Educational Services, during which time she obtained her teaching certification in educational technology (K-12).
